hey my sweet vs it's the sweetest vegan
here and today on the show we're going
to be making dessert for Ricky Shutts
Ricky shows is probably one of the most
popular youtubers who has no videos on
his own channel he is in a lot of the
station videos and he's probably most
popular for being friends with timothy
delaghetto
um they're like best friends and they
are always together Rick is usually
texting and I just like him I just I
just like him I'm tweeting him and I
asked him what his favorite dessert was
and he said banana pudding so play okay
I could do a banana pudding and so
that's what we do is name a vegan
without a pudding stay tuned for the
results first we're gonna start off by
making our vanilla wafers playing
together on vegan margarine and sugar
and in vanilla extract
make your energy egg replacer mixture by
the mixing that none of the water
that is what's that all together and
then you're gonna would not waste food
beating your all-purpose flour and mold
it with these plastic wrap and freeze
next we're going to make our pudding by
whisking together cornstarch and sugar
over medium heat slowly whisking in our
milk alternative and then our vanilla
extract put that in the refrigerator
then we're going to cut up our cookies
and baked those at at 350 degrees for 12
to 15 minutes next we're going to make
our buttercream and we're going to beat
together being margarine vegetable
shortening and then add in our powdered
sugar for all exact measurements you can
see the description bar below on youtube
on my website just we to speak in that
tub lastly we're going to layer our
vanilla wafers our bananas and our
pudding and top it off with our
buttercream and then top it off with
another vanilla wafer so we can decorate
them some nice it was on the right
Rick's name at the top I also add
chocolate on the top of these two to
write his name but I don't show that
because but it came out dark and I was
wrong so yeah so this is how they came
out I think they're very cute for like a
dinner party or something once again the
individual containers are so classy and
I just love them so let's try it really
good all together with the crunch other
vanilla wafers and the pudding that's
homemade and the bananas fresh bananas
oh my gosh
I'm not to hide the rest for myself I
really am
so that's it's like hey guys I want to
give a special thanks to Ricki shucks I
will include an annotation to subscribe
to his channel over here I also did a
video for Timothy DeLaGhetto there are
love peas skeet and cheese cupcakes I'll
include an annotation for that video
over here subscribe to my channel like
this video comment fit on Facebook
Twitter you know the deal that is it for
today everybody bye
[Applause]